this video is sponsored by raid shadow
legend stay tuned for a special offer
so last week the trailer for cats came
out and of course everybody loves it but
I have a couple of things that didn't
really strike me the right way which is
why yesterday I asked you to help me fix
the cats trailer help me fix this and
this and that just make their faces cat
faces now what do you mean by that
that's a very broad statement do you
mean fix it like that like a
hyper-realistic
cat face it is an improvement I'll give
you that or maybe you meant like this to
preserve the giant foreheads that
everyone has no I hate this one ah this
is nice look how cute James Corden looks
so far we're off to a hellish start or
maybe you meant the little kind of cat
you didn't specify so we're all just
kind of winging it okay no why does she
look like the cat in the movie cats
don't dance don't think I forgot about
that movie put them in fur suits even
fur suits would be an improvement you
say that now you say that now would you
like to take back what you said
do you still firmly believe in your
statement this person has so much talent
in Photoshop and this is what you decide
to spend your time on you are exactly
right hell is waiting for you ooh
Photoshop them back to humans now
there's an idea and can I just say this
looks so much better because then it
just turns into a nice ballet which is
what cats is right I think I don't know
I've never seen it but I look at this
and I don't want to take a long cold
shower you can make an anime out of this
yeah you can but why the trailer has
been out for under a week and there's
already anime fan art if there is a god
I would like to have a word with him I
can't even be mad these are so good but
so wrong ah that's better
just smear some Vaseline in my eyes then
I can watch the movie a billion times oh
no oh no no no no I take it back if cats
were just 90 minutes of James carton
spitting himself I would buy all the
tickets
yes yes he absolutely looks like James
Corden deep faked on Mike Myers body
from Cat in the Hat
another cinematic treasure we are still
in a phase where sonic memes work I
don't know when this phase will end but
I'm thankful it isn't now all together
now uh
meow no no no no no age' fiying this and
face that doesn't make it better and
then a defying that definitely doesn't
make it better delete nuke the human
race dark but fair we have to admire the
detail in this submission but do all the
cats in the movie cats talk about
Mondays is there a John in the movie
cats questions I'll never know the
answer to because I'm not seeing cats oh
you know it fixed that trailer if you
make all six nipples visible at all
times
you disgust me um goose de crude deep
faked me in the trailer it certainly
doesn't make it better or watchable how
long does this take by the way like how
many days of rendering was this I don't
want to show the whole thing so click
the link in the description below it'll
take you right to the YouTube video it's
quite good but not quite as good as our
final submission from zark ex another
deep fake but this time you put my wife
Erin's face on all the cats and I mean
all of them somehow this looks so much
worse you can even see all the bits of
emotion on her face when she sings or
cries or whatever it's very well done
and also nightmare fuel again I don't
want to show the whole video here it's
well worth your time and effort to click
the link in the description below and
watch the full thing it is a treat and
of course treat is in quotes today's
video is sponsored by rage shadow
legends a brand new collection
RPG game that's taking the mobile game
landscape by storm nearly 10
people have downloaded the game in just
three months raid has huge boss fights
strategic gameplay awesome graphics and
over 400 champions like these for you to
collect and personally customized my
favorite guys Gallic I mean he's a giant
green man who looks like he could star
in a multi film franchise about onions
also look at the detail in the armor
they look like ps3 characters not bad
for a dang phone
Mamma Mia the future is now rage shadow
Legends is free-to-play you can find me
under the nickname jacksFilms and go
join my clan if you're fast enough
download raid on iOS or Android by
clicking the link in the description
below and instantly get 50,000 silver
and a free epic champion within a week
I'll see you there hater oh I have a
question for you what advice would you
give to your younger self please
subscribe for more deep fix also click
right here to see the previously I
episode uh here's a clip what is
actually there in area 51 but woman that
is attracted to me Oh Walt
Disney's frozen head a really
extravagant alien that's 51